U.S. Veterans, their family members or others may have been exposed to contaminated
drinking water between 1953 and 1987 at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina and developed
cancer or other serious health issues years later. Some of these servicemen, families or
thers present at the base have been deemed ineligible or had their claims denied by the
Veterans Administration, but a new law may allow them compensation.

Take this short quick if you qualify

Did you or a loved one serve, live, or work at
Camp Lejeune for at least 30 days between
1953 and 1987? *
Yes 
NO

Did you or a family member who lived with you
experience any serious health illnesses or
injuries like cancer, organ failure, reproductive
issues, death or other? *
yes NO

Is the affected party represented by an
attorney for this matter? *
yes no

Reviewing your answers...

Matching You with the Best Options...

Confirm Eligibility...

Last Step - You are eligible and qualify for
compensation.
FREE CONSULTATION CALL
There are absolutely NO costs or commitments incurred for calling and talking to our
legal team.
TAP TO CALL
+1(346) 788-6952

By clicking the button above and calling, you provide your electronic signature & consent to receive automated promotional
messages from At Camp Lejeune Settlement & its partners at the phone number you call from. You agree to the Terms &
Conditions and Privacy Policy. This agreement isn't a condition of any purchase. You can revoke this consent at any time. For
SMS campaigns: Text STOP to cancel and HELP for help. Msg and data rates may apply. Recurring msgs up to 10 msgs per
month.

By contacting Camp Lejeune Settlement, you agree to receive a call back by up to two different legal service providers, even if you are on the 'Do Not Call- registry. If there are multiple
participating legal service providers, matching of an initial inquiry to a specific legal service provider is completed by an internal random process. Some cases may be transferred to
other attorneys, discuss with your attorney. Camp Lejeune Settlement is not otherwise affiliated with or responsible for the representations or services provided by the legal service
providers.
Our goal is to provide exceptional service. One of our agents may reach out to you to discuss your order, ask for feedback, and/or see if you need any assistance with your products,
services, or plans, at the phone number you provided regardless of your do-not-call list status. You may opt-out of further contact at any time by simply telling our customer service
team that you would no longer like to be contacted. In the event that our team is unable to reach you by phone, they may send you a text message letting you know that we called.
Both our text messages and phone calls may be sent or connected utilizing automated software. Carrier charges may apply. You may opt-out of any future contact via text message
by replying anytime with "STOP".
Privacy Policy/ Terms & Conditions